README.md, before:

# How to Build Your First Discord Bot with Node.js

Michiel Mulders shows you how to install and set up a new Discord bot, which is made easier thanks to the API offered by the Discord.js package.

Link to article on SitePoint: [https://www.sitepoint.com/discord-bot-node-js/](https://www.sitepoint.com/discord-bot-node-js/)

## Requirements

- [Node.js](http://nodejs.org/)
- [Discord](https://discordapp.com/) account

## Installation Steps (if applicable)

1. Clone repo
2. Run `npm install`
3. Add Discord credentials in a `.env` file
3. Run `node index.js`
4. Interact with your Discord bot via your web browser

## License

SitePoint's code archives and code examples are licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright © 2020 SitePoint

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Tweaks to current features. AAdded yes or no mode. SIMP mode user now in .env file instead of being hardcoded in the index file. Updated README.

README.md, after:

# Eren Discord Bot ⚔️

A Discord bot for my weeb friends. Made for fun and self-training.

## Usage

#### Standard Mode

All you have to do is mention eren in the message and he'll reply with one of the quotes from the quotes array in the quotes.js file.

<img src='./screenshots/2.jpg'>

#### Yes or No Mode

You can ask Eren a 'yes or no' question by simply saying "eren yes or no" and he will reply with either a yes or a no. This is pretty straight forward.

<img src='./screenshots/1.jpg'>

### SIMP Mode

One of my friends is a huge Eren Yeager SIMP. So this mode was made for her. Whenever she calls Eren (Standard Mode) the responses for her are different.

<img src='./screenshots/3.jpg'>

## Future Plans

<ul>
    <li>Eren can send a random picture of himself in the channel.</li>
    <li>Can serve as a music bot since most are being taken down.</li>
    <li>OpenAI implementation.</li>
    <li>Improve this README cause this was done lazily lol</li>
</ul>

## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
